c:\users\ehewitt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browswer\SQLite Browswer\bin\Debug\SQLite Browser.exe
c:\users\ehewitt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browswer\SQLite Browswer\bin\Debug\SQLite Browser.pdb
c:\users\ehewitt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browswer\SQLite Browswer\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ehewitt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browswer\SQLite Browswer\obj\x86\Debug\SQLiteBrowser.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ehewitt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browswer\SQLite Browswer\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\ehewitt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browswer\SQLite Browswer\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\ehewitt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browswer\SQLite Browswer\obj\x86\Debug\SQLite Browser.exe
c:\users\ehewitt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browswer\SQLite Browswer\obj\x86\Debug\SQLite Browser.pdb
c:\users\ehewitt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browswer\SQLite Browswer\obj\x86\Debug\SQLiteBrowser.MainWindow.resources
c:\users\ehewitt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browswer\SQLite Browswer\obj\x86\Debug\SQLiteBrowser.Dialogs.ConnectDialog.resources
c:\users\ehewitt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browswer\SQLite Browswer\obj\x86\Debug\SQLiteBrowser.Views.QueryView.resources
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\obj\x86\Debug\SQLite Browser.exe
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\obj\x86\Debug\SQLite Browser.pdb
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\obj\x86\Debug\SQLiteBrowser.Dialogs.ConnectDialog.resources
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\obj\x86\Debug\SQLiteBrowser.MainWindow.resources
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\obj\x86\Debug\SQLiteBrowser.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\obj\x86\Debug\SQLiteBrowser.Views.QueryView.resources
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\bin\Debug\SQLite Browser.exe
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\bin\Debug\SQLite Browser.pdb
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\bin\Debug\SQLite Browser.exe.config
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\bin\Debug\Aga.Controls.dll
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\obj\x86\Debug\SQLiteBrowser.Properties.DataAccessResources.resources
C:\Users\ehewitt\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\SQLite Browser\SQLite Browser\bin\Debug\Edrych.exe.config
